Add a charter for a threads subgroup (#21)
WebAssembly/shared-everything-threads: proposals/shared-everything-threads/Charter.md

- instructions for interacting with shared data and synchronizing between threads,
- syntax extensions, instructions, and APIs for thread-local storage, thread lifetime management, and other threading-related features
- type system rules for validating such uses of such syntax extensions and instructions,
- extensions to the Wasm memory model describing the semantics of such instructions,
- APIs for accessing and managing shared data and threads outside Wasm or a Wasm engine,
- tooling and implementation considerations for languages targeting the new threading features,
- code generation and implementation considerations for Wasm engines implementing the new features.

## Deliverables

### Specifications

The Subgroup may produce several kinds of specification-related work output:

- new specifications in standards bodies or working groups
  (e.g. W3C WebAssembly WG or Ecma TC39),

- new specifications outside of standards bodies
  (e.g. similar to the LLVM object file format documentation in Wasm tool conventions).

### Non-normative reports

The Subgroup may produce non-normative material such as requirements
documents, recommendations, and case studies.

### Software

> The Subgroup may produce software related to garbage collection in Wasm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subgroup may produce software related to threading in Wasm
```

Author: thanks!
